Podcast: add 242 recap transcription (#1058)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/podcast/2023-03-16-newsletter-recap.md

be.

**Mike Schmidt**: Yeah, because that's part of the release process that
assumevalid is already part of the steps that people go through to generate a
release, so I guess there might be advantages to having it be the same one.

**James O'Beirne**: Yeah.

**Mike Schmidt**: On that note, and what you're talking about binaries being
modified, etc, it does seem like it would be interesting if I was doing IBD and
I had a new node, and I saw that the assumeUTXO was quite far in the past
because there hadn't been a release, or something like that, I could see that
creating demand for non-authoritative sources of downloading binaries, because I
could save a bunch of bandwidth and time and be up to speed because someone put
an assumeUTXO from a week ago binary out; do you see?  I mean, that could
happen.  Whether or not it will, I mean obviously you'd need to change the code
and then someone needs to validate, but it does start drifting away then from
more authoritative binaries if there is demand for that.

**James O'Beirne**: Well, what's scary is there's that incentive today, and in
fact people, like I think for what BTCPay Server, some Nicolas Dorier project,

> was providing GPG-signed datadrs where people could just download the datadr and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was providing GPG-signed datadirs where people could just download the datadir and
```

maybe I guess you could argue assumeUTXO makes that even more appealing because
-- well, no, probably downloading a few hundred gigabytes is roughly on par with
syncing; I don't know.  I think that problem exists today.  People just have to
know not to download software from unauthoritative sources based on claims of
fortune and grandeur.

**Mark Erhardt**: To be fair, I think Nicolas is probably a better source than
many other sources people have been happy to download full nodes from.  But in
the context of people using BTCPay Server for their businesses, they should
really know better and sync their own node if they intend to manage a lot of
money with that node.

But yeah, I just wanted to point out a little earlier, jumping back here, that
even if assumevalid blocks and assumeUTXO blocks are the same one, the
difference would still be that you can set a manual assumevalid height, right.
If you want to speed up your sync and are happy to reduce your security in doing
so, you might set assumevalid to a week ago and only validate signatures on the
last week, so you're trusting essentially the network that they have been

> building on and on a valid chain; and a week's worth of work is sufficient for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
building on a valid chain; and a week's worth of work is sufficient for
```
